7:30 right now. Coming up, a
recap of a disturbing story...
The remains have not been identified.
There's no word as to whether
foul play is suspected.
Dale, the word most repeated by the
young witnesses we spoke to: horror,
as in "it looked like a horror movie".
Now we're going to go to another break.
I hate press cases. More than three cameras
show, some detective kicks it to his captain
who kicks it up to the
chief and to the FBI.
And you, bang, kick it down to
me. Which I thank you for, sir.
I want this closed. I don't
want to pick up Sunday's Post
and read, "Church kids find mystery corpse
dressed for Halloween, FBI clueless. "
I guarantee you won't read
that, sir. OK, I'm on it. Bones.
- I got here as soon as I could.
- Yeah, great.
- I pull you from anything important? - A
9,600-year-old Caucasoid female skeleton.
It was found in the
Kunlun mountains in China.
An investigation is under way. I'm
contributing stress-marker analysis.
I think you're gonna find
this very interesting too.
Ooh.
What the hell is he wearing?
It's lightweight. Composite.
Some kind of sexuaI bondage suit. And
there's that bag. That's full of maggots.
That looks like cellulose in there, degraded
from bodily tissues and decomposing fat.
And maggots.
TibiaI fractures and ground
disturbance suggest totaI body impact.
- OK, so did he jump or was he pushed?
- That's what we have to figure out.
We can take the skeleton in. Give
you a report maybe after next week.
No. Just tell me if I'm looking at a
murder. Maybe, you know, pull a quick ID?
- Don't use your charm smile on me.
- What? It's a mark of respect, that's all.
EpiphyseaI union with the
diaphysis on the ankles
suggests the victim was
between 14 and 18 years old.
1.6m tall, of very slight build, suggesting
he was at the younger end of the scale.
That tracks with the bag. The
cellulose we found is a graphic noveI.
- A what?
- It's a comic book.
I never read comic books.
Really? I had you pegged
for a graphic noveI nut.
The face and craniaI
vault are badly fractured.
Blows have sent fracture lines between
the mid-frontaI and anterior buttresses.
- Why?
- Star Wars, Star Trek,
Stargate, Battlestar Galactica.
Focusing, gentlemen.
Conclusion, a brutaI assault killed him.
He was dropped after
he was already dead.
His killer wanted it
to look like a suicide.
Get his dentals into the NCIC,
see if we can find a match.
Zack, call Stockholm and Beijing.
Our research data on the other
thing is going to be delayed.
- It's Warren Granger, age 17.
- 17. Small for his age.
Home-schooled. GED
obtained last summer.
Mother and stepfather reported him missing
from this very block two months ago.
Bones, if you want to sit this part out, I
know you got some ancient Chinese bones waiting.
No. I'm on this now.
It looks like every other house.
Every family has its secrets, Bones.
This was Warren's room.
No one's has been up here since
the detective looked it over.
The news said there was
hardly anything left of him.
Can you think of anyone who might've
wanted to harm Warren in any way?
He was always by himself.
No friends, no enemies.
Spent all his time up here
with his comic books and toys.
He was a lonely kid. Died
before he even had a life.
I really thought he had just run away.
We tried.
Tried to get him out of this
place into some kind of reaI life.
I even got him ajob
at the bowling alley,
but...
he just spent all his
money on this... stuff.
Unbelievable.
Quite the collection of comic books.
Hodgins said that the cellulose
mass was a graphic noveI.
He sent it to Angela for
analysis and recovery.
- Sweet.
- Sweet?
This is Batman number 127 featuring "The
Hammer of Thor". This is worth about $300.
- Booth, are you a nerd?
- First of all, you mean "geek".
And, no, I'm not. It's quite normaI for
an American male to read comic books.
I can't believe you have
anything in common with Warren.
Oh, you mean isolated with
an inner secret life? No.
Hey, I'd say you were more like Warren.
Zack discovered some significant hairline
parry fractures on the right and left ulnae.
- That's his arms.
- I know ulna means forearm.
I pay attention. I also know that parry
fracture means the kid fought back.
Small stature, a geek,
and he fought back.
He also got thrown from a roof.
There's nothing but games on here.
There's no journaI, there's no documents.
Nothing personaI. What did he do at
his desk? I mean, there's a light.
The rug's worn. He used this
area for something. What was it?
Probably where he read his comic books.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
I think Warren sat here and wrote
longhand with a ballpoint pen.
That's pretty retro for a geek.
Well, at least we know where he got
the idea for a costume. Citizen 14.
A superhero.
Hodgins dried out and separated the pages. I
digitised them and adjusted for ink seepage.
- Was this printed commercially?
- No. It's handmade.
- That's what he was writing.
- A comic book starring himself.
A shy adolescent young man
renders himself as a superhero.
Alone in that room all the time. Maybe
Warren got consumed by his own fantasy.
- You think he was out fighting crime?
- Well, the boy got beaten to a pulp
wearing his superhero outfit in
the heaviest crime area of DC.
As you know, being a writer yourself,
Warren's comic book could be infused
with his reaI-life fears and conflicts.
Especially in the case of an adolescent.
- Can you retrieve any more of this?
- Yeah.
Fine. What's our next step?
Oh, we'll go see if Warren had any
friends his mother didn't know about.
Wait. Warren Granger was the
skeleton corpse those kids found?
Yeah. Sounds like you were close.
How long was he laying
there all dead like that?
- For a while.
- How well did you know Warren, Mr Ellis?
He came in here all the time.
You know, he... he knew his stuff.
He was a nice kid.
- Really nice guy.
- Something you're not telling us?
- What do you mean?
- You seem a little nervous.
Well, you just told me that someone
I know is this rotting skeletaI corpse
that's been all over the news.
Is there a party upstairs?
Oh, it's the, uh, Doomsday Group.
I rent it out Thursday nights.
Hey, wait. Um, Warren
was actually one of them.
Oh. That's a handy thing to remember.
Anything else you forget to mention?
No, that's... that's it, I think.
- I can't take that away.
- We can't break out of...
Excuse me. This is a
private function. Goodbye.
Go ahead. Don't let me stop you
from... What are you doing, exactly?
Guys, this is actually a reaI live
woman. Something you don't see often.
And like I said, this is
a private function, so...
It's the FBI. All right? Turn
it off for a minute, please.
FBI?
I'm Yasutani the Terrible.
I speak for this clan.
OK, well, we'd like to ask you a few
questions if you're not too, uh... busy.
The costumes, the sociaI awkwardness,
the active fantasy life
- the victim would fit into this subgrouping.
OK, hey, Mr Yakatori the Horrible.
- What's your reaI name?
- Jeremy Kuznetsky.
Do any of you people
know Warren Granger?
- Something happened to Warren?
- Warren's dead. He was murdered.
No, I never said anything about him
being murdered. Neither did the press.
Obviously if you're the FBI he was murdered.
You don't investigate people hit by a bus.
OK. When's the last time you saw Warren?
- A couple months ago when he left.
- Left?
Citizen 14 was one of us untiI
he went psycho and bugged out.
- Called us all posers.
- Pathetic fantasists.
- Was he wearing his, um... outfit?
- His identity, yeah.
- Why do you wear these identities?
- For the game.
- How serious do you take it?
- It's only fun if you take it seriously.
- You always play here?
- "Play" is not exactly the right verb, OK?
Shut up! Shut up! Who cares?
Didn't you hear? Warren is dead!
It's OK, Minnow.
- What's your name?
- Blue Minnow.
When I ask your names, I want
the ones your parents gave you.
AbigaiI Zealy. Citizen
14 was my partner.
Is that what you call
Warren? Citizen 14?
Citizen 14 was my partner.
Warren was my friend.
He was a little more than that.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
I don't like to judge an entire subculture,
but those people gave me the creeps.
That's because they are creepy.
What I mean is those kids weren't
your harmless tutor-you-in-math geeks.
They were the, you know,
set-the-schooI-on-fire geeks.
Dark nerds. Columbine nerds.
Columbine? You think Yasutani
the Terrible is capable of murder?
I think they get high,
they play these games,
they lose their grip on reality and
they believe they are these characters.
You mean like Warren,
out fighting crime?
You know, hey, maybe Warren and
that guy, the leader, Yasahama...
- Yasutani the Terrible.
- Yeah.
Maybe him and that guy,
they got into this, you know,
magic fight and it became reaI.
So you're saying it wasn't Warren who was
murdered, it was his character, Citizen 14.
They're so delusionaI they don't
even know they've committed a crime.
I'll get Hodgins to see if there's
any signs of drug use in Warren's hair.
Oh, I managed to get some of the text
back from this paneI. CheerfuI little tyke.
The writer was in pain.
And I don't think it was purely the
adolescent angst of the outsider.
I'd go so far as to say it
wasn't even psychologicaI pain.
He's afraid of actuaI physicaI death.
Can you pull all that from a comic book?
Writers reveaI more of themselves
than they intend on every page.
I never bought all that English 101
stuff. Sometimes a river is just a river.
All due respect, but my
writing is pure fiction.
I fear you reveaI much more of your world
view in your writing than you realise.
Such as?
Such as, archaeologists make good
administrators because they enjoy tedium.
Artists are doomed to a life of loneliness cos
they can't think beyond instant gratification.
Such as, FBI guys are hot and
Angela wants to have sex with me.
Yeah.
AII I'm suggesting is that while Dr
Goodman goes through Warren's writing,
we should concentrate on the hypotheses
congruent with forensic evidence.
I'm going to take another look
at Warren Granger's remains.
In the last 24 hours I've read severaI
dozen comic books and graphic novels.
Did Hodgins find any sign of drug use?
No.
They're quite interesting.
The graphic novels especially.
After you clean the
bones, look for scoring
on the occipitaI condyle
and the inferior nuchaI line.
They're basically a
retelling of the Greek myths
with all superheroes
standing in for Hercules.
Half god, half human.
OK, be very carefuI here.
X
- ray shows fragmentation of the cervicaI vertebrae consistent with sharp force trauma.
Invulnerability, super strength,
heightened senses, telekinesis...
I'd love to have some of those powers.
Why?
- I-I don't really know. Is that an odd
desire? - Why fantasise? You're smart.
In some ways my intelligence is a
handicap. Well, for one thing, I'm weird.
For another, I tend to make people
feeI stupid and they resent me for it.
I suspect it's the same for superpowers.
The victim was stabbed
at the base of the spine.
The spinaI cord was severed.
That's what killed him.
I'll clean the bones and try
to match a weapon to the damage.
Which will make you a reaI
hero in the reaI world.
In this restored paneI from the
second and finaI volume of Citizen 14
we begin to see a female
presence, beautifuI, ethereaI,
which he calls the Opalescence.
A girI he literally can't approach.
What if Warren was only...
you know, supplying his
own masturbatory materials?
Yes. Lonely adolescent boy. But the
story moves beyond that dimension.
Here we see the idolised
female Opalescence
cowering before a dark male figure
referred to only as the Twisted.
So Citizen 14 wants to rescue
the Opalescence from the Twisted.
Could this be Warren's
mother and stepfather?
There are elements of romantic
love. This girI surrounded by blue...
You know, they did mention that one of
those comic-book geeks was a blue girI.
I'd say she's definitely
worth questioning.
- Blue Minnow. That's your alter ego.
- AbigaiI Zealy is my alter ego.
Did you, AbigaiI, have a
relationship with Warren Granger?
Or did the Blue Minnow have a
relationship with Citizen 14?
- Or any combination thereof?
- Neither.
Warren had a girlfriend.
At CapitaI BowI.
- What's the girlfriend's name, Abby?
- He never told us her name.
It was just a physicaI thing
and... and it was almost over.
Warren and I had a connection.
He couldn't deny that.
Before he disappeared, he gave me
his entire NeiI Gaiman collection,
his favourite work beside his own.
In his own work he describes a
woman known as the Opalescence.
Do you believe that's
supposed to be you?
What do you think?
We think it's another girI entirely.
Does that bother you?
OK...
Maybe the others told
you I'm obsessed. I know.
Because they never
got Warren like I did.
He was right. They are posers.
- But Warren wasn't?
- Warren believed.
He believed in truth. He
believed in doing what was right.
He was Citizen 14.
Citizen 14 is reaI.
- Warren didn't fit in with the others?
- I just said! Warren was better!
He was a really nice guy.
Were you aware that Jeremy Kuznetsky
and Kenneth Vert
have police records?
Yeah.
It's nothing interesting, though.
It's, like, vandalism and trespassing.
You can't take them seriously.
- What, as criminals?
- As anything.
OK. Well, what would be
interesting as a crime?
Something that took courage.
Something that meant something.
Like murder?
Yeah. Like murder.
Warren Granger on the night
he died, wearing his costume.
Start the sequence.
Cause of death was a
severed spinaI cord.
- We can rule out AbigaiI Zealy.
- How do you figure?
AbigaiI doesn't have enough strength
to sever Warren's spinaI cord.
What about his stepdad? Or the
other kids at the comic shop?
Well, if the physicality of the
murderer is between 5'10 and 6'1,
I'd say yes to them all,
depending on the weapon.
What had he done to
make somebody so angry?
Zack's cleaning the bones now. Maybe
we'll find something that we've missed.
- What are you reading?
- I'm doing research.
- By reading a comic book?
- Intensely allegoricaI modern myths.
- You're reading Bugs Bunny.
- On the surface, yes.
But if you dig deeper, the
subtext becomes apparent.
The conflict is representative
of the Darwinian struggle
between avians and
mammals for dominance.
Based on Bugs giving Daffy
a cigar made out of dynamite?
Yeah.
And then here he
explodes, but not really.
- You have a problem, my man.
- What?
- It looks like you degraded the bones.
- Impossible. It's only a 4% peroxide solution.
Then what's that bubbling
and pitting on the periosteum?
- A 4% solution wouldn't cause that.
- Is it some kind of systemic deterioration?
- Intertrochanteric crest is eaten away.
- What do you think it is?
This kid was sick.
- You smell that?
- Yes, I do.
You know what that is, Bones?
Wax, popcorn...
feet, deodorant...
- That is America, Bones.
- You keep your bowling ball in the car?
Oh, I figure we ask a few questions about
Warren Granger, maybe bowI a few frames.
- Nothing like sport to take the edge off...
- This is not a sport.
- How do you figure?
- There's no physicaI benefit, so it's like golf.
It's not a sport. It's an activity.
Could you please, maybe just for once,
try not to piss everyone off around you?
Yeah. Sorry.
Are you good at this... sport?
My average is over 200,
less than two opens per game.
One match I had 211
strikes out of 431 shots.
- 29 opens in 39 games.
- What does that mean?
- I won bowling awards.
- I won the Marshall H Dixon Award
for my paper on George Romanes
and physiologicaI selection.
My God, it's like we
lead paralleI lives.
- You need shoes?
- Yeah. Uh, looking for the manager.
Ted McGruder. FBI, huh?
We're investigating the death
of one of your employees.
Warren Granger.
Warren?
He didn't show up for his paycheck.
I thought he found anotherjob
and didn't want to give notice. He's
weird like that. Good kid, though.
Bye-bye!
Aw, don't pout!
Ted, I talked to them but
they just keep giving me lip.
Luce, these people are with the FBI.
They're here about Warren Granger.
- Warren? What about him?
- He's deceased.
Oh, my God.
- I told you he didn't quit.
- I was wrong. This is my wife, Lucy.
- Sorry.
- That's OK.
- How often do those kids come in here?
- Those jokers? Weekends, mostly.
They used to come in a lot more
but in these crazy costumes.
I told them I'd allow it
on Halloween but that's it.
Warren's girlfriend here? We were informed
that Warren's girlfriend worked here.
If you ever met Warren you'd know
he's not the girlfriend type of kid.
There was a girI who came
by to see him sometimes.
Yeah. Yeah, that's her. I
- I don't know her name,
but I don't think Warren
was all that glad to see her.
If she called, he'd ask me to
tell her that he wasn't here.
Brennan.
- Maybe he was just trying to dodge her.
- Excuse me just one moment, please.
OK, slow down, Zack, and repeat that.
Hypercellularity with totaI effacement
of the marrow space. Osteoblasts at 26%.
OK. Good work, Zack. Keep
working on the weapon ID.
I take it we're not
getting any bowling in?
Zack said that if Warren hadn't been
murdered two months ago, he'd be dead by now.
When you said Warren was
sick, you meant leukaemia?
Yes.
But by the time he was
11, he was in remission.
The hypercellular activity I saw is
only present in advanced cancer cases.
He must have been very ill.
You didn't notice?
We tried to be there for Warren,
but he wouldn't let us in.
Right when you thought you'd built
a bridge of trust, he'd quit on you.
He quit trying to face reality.
Maybe your son didn't want
you to have to face it.
I mean, he knew his situation was dire,
and he decided to tough it out on his own.
Yes. He saw what it did
to me the first time.
It's not that he quit. It's
that he didn't want me to suffer.
You said her son didn't tell her
he was sick to make her feeI better.
- You don't believe that?
- People don't do that.
- So you told her that to make her feeI better?
- Right.
You just did what you said people don't
do. I wonder why he didn't tell his mother.
Maybe he was caught up in the
romance of being a dying superhero.
Adolescent angst, all that.
What do you really think?
The truth is, I think the boy
was looking how to be a man.
All on his own. He was
doing the best that he could.
Heroes don't whine about being sick.
- Something like that. Poor kid.
- Did they know about the leukaemia?
- No. He kept it a secret.
- Tough guy, huh?
You were right. The kid knew he was
facing death. This changes motivation.
- The killer's motivation?
- Warren Granger's.
He was emboldened by
knowing he would die.
- He went looking for a fight.
- He went looking for the Twisted.
Wait. Wait. We are allowing the comic-book
story to generate too many hypotheses.
I only heard the "go get
the bad guy" hypothesis.
- It's too generaI.
- Yes.
Perhaps the Opalescence
represented Warren's better nature
and the Twisted was a reflection
of his darker sexuaI impulses -
a theme I assume is
common in teenage fiction.
And the drawings...
Hello? Bones?
The drawings.
Warren wrote the comics, but there was
no evidence that he knew how to draw.
Dr Brennan, I found an extra
piece of bone I can't account for.
Someone else drew the comic.
Stew Ellis.
- What about him?
- Look.
Warren Granger wrote this comic
book but it was drawn by Stew Ellis.
I told you, I knew Warren from the
store, OK? He was a serious investor.
- Did he owe you money, Stew?
- What?
Was it creative differences or was
it you just didn't get enough credit?
No, it was none of that.
Look, why didn't you tell me you were
partners when I asked you earlier?
Cos we had a big argument. I didn't
want you to think I had a motive.
OK. What did you argue
about? AbigaiI Zealy?
- No, man. Just merchandising.
- You argued about merchandising?
Yeah. Warren thought he
deserved 70% for the concept,
but I think since I
did the drawings, I...
- Do you have a publisher?
- No.
And now we never will. Look, if you think
that I killed Warren, I'm not that stupid, man.
- So, who do you think killed Warren?
- I... I don't know. Definitely not me, OK?
Well, Stew, as of this moment, you're
the prime suspect in Warren's murder.
Why?
You lied about your relationship with Warren.
If I were you, I would think really hard
if there's anything
else you haven't told me.
All right. Abby.
Abby?
Triangle.
I hooked up with her a few times,
but she was obsessed with Warren.
- So, you did argue about her?
- No, man. Warren never wanted Abby.
It made you jealous that she wanted him?
Dude, Abby's cute in a
chick geek kind of way,
but she's not that kind of Betty
you go to the death chamber for.
OK. You're one of those guys
who's way too good at Iying.
Dude, I'm an artist. What do you want?
I found the extra piece of bone lodged
here in the odontoid process of C2.
I
- I went through all the chipping and damage again but I can't find where it came from.
- It's not from the cervicaI vertebrae.
- Oh, it's not?
It's from a long bone, probably
the deltoid process of a humerus.
- An arm bone?
- I need you to set up the microtome.
And get me paraffin
and an embedding mould.
- Are you prepping your own bone slide?
- Yes.
- Usually I do that for you.
- This is a tough one, Zack.
The piece is small and I need to make
sure there's enough left for a DNA sample.
Wait. Warren Granger's
arm bones are complete.
This extra bone fragment
didn't come from Warren Granger.
Warren was the victim of a
violent attack. He fought back.
It's possible that during that
struggle he struck his attacker
with the same weapon
that was used to kill him.
Which means that piece of bone
could've come from his murderer.
What are you doing?
Breathing dissipates static
electricity and makes it easier to cut.
You seem nervous.
If I get this right I'll be able to tell you
the age, sex and race of Warren Granger's killer.
Stew was the artist.
Really? You think he killed
Warren over artistic differences?
- He also had a thing for Abby.
- Wow.
Yeah. For a recluse, Warren Granger,
he had his thumb in a lot of pies.
You said before that
Warren reminded you of me.
You think I'm just like him,
that he hid from life by immersing himself
in a fantasy world where he fought crime,
and I do the same thing, only
I don't have superpowers. I...
- I have science.
- No, Bones, you do fight crime.
It's not a fantasy. As far as any normaI
person is concerned, you do have superpowers.
- You're just saying that.
- I don't do that.
Yes, you do. You lied to Warren
Granger's mother to make her feeI better.
That seems to be your superpower.
Look, this piece of
bone you're analysing,
how did it get lodged
in Warren Granger's neck?
It was deposited by the same
weapon that severed his spinaI cord.
Doesn't make it the killer's bone.
You're thinking a
separate murder victim?
Opalescence?
The woman he loved.
- I don't think she's dead.
- Why?
This is an arm bone.
Has anyone we've seen on this
case been favouring her arm?
Not that I've noticed.
That's because you're
not an anthropologist...
- with superpowers.
- Ha.
That's good.
Oh. Hello.
- Any news about Warren?
- We're still in the initiaI phase.
You didn't happen to keep that last payroll
cheque for Warren that you told me about?
- By law I have to, yeah.
- You mind digging that out for us?
I apologise for the inconvenience.
I guess. It's probably
in the file somewhere.
- What do you need the paycheck for?
- Ah, it's technicaI.
Mrs McGruder,
- what's wrong with your left side?
- Why would you ask me that?
I noticed how you held yourself the last time
I was here. I didn't think anything of it...
- What?
- She wants to know how you hurt yourself.
You walk as though your left ribs are
cracked. Also, you favour your left arm.
Oh! I, um...
I
- I fell on the lanes.
They're very slippery.
Falling would bruise a number of
ribs. You're favouring only one or two.
The type of damage done by a fist.
Look, were you and Warren close?
He was a nice kid.
A really nice kid.
Here it is.
You two want to bowI a few
frames? Got some empty lanes.
- I'll see you in the comic books, buster.
- What?
Thanks. I'll get this back to you.
It's, "See you in the funny pages. "
OK, I took a liberty.
Her husband beats her.
Bones, talk about multiple hypotheses!
It's a leap, yes, but
it was bound to happen,
me spending so much time with
you. I mean that as a compliment.
OK. So Warren's former boss is the Twisted
and the boss's wife is the Opalescence.
- Go back and arrest him.
- It's not enough.
For that, we need something
just a little bit more reaI.
- Evidence.
- Cold hard facts, baby.
Dr Brennan, based on your
histology and the DNA,
the bone found on Warren's neck
came from a Caucasian male, mid 30s.
McGruder. What? Can you
get any more specific?
- We need the weapon.
- I can get a warrant for whatever you want.
We don't know what we're looking for.
We hit a dead end reverse-engineering
it from the mark on the neck.
- Too much fragmentation.
- Wait.
You said that in books you could
find the reaI-world version.
- Yeah. If you know you, it's pretty obvious.
- Well, give me an example.
In your book, your partner's a former Olympic
boxer who spoke six different languages.
In reaI life, you got me.
So what you're saying is that reality
falls far, far short of the fictionaI.
Yeah.
Thanks a lot, Bones.
Warren Granger's spinaI cord was severed
by something sharp, but not a knife.
OK, if it wasn't a knife, what was it?
The closest match I could find would
be a corkscrew or a Tibetan skull knife,
but neither of them explain how foreign
bone was left lodged in the vertebrae.
- Pull up Citizen 14's weapon thing.
- It was a boomerang thing, like a sonic gun.
A laser cutlass. That thing that
allowed him to hear through walls.
We're looking for something that has
a drabber version in the reaI world.
Why would he be killed
by his own weapon?
He had it on him the night he
decided to confront Ted McGruder.
- Citizen 14's arsenaI.
- What's that?
His main weapon. It's a three-sided
throwing knife that returns to him.
None of them make the wounds that resemble
the one that severed Warren's spinaI cord.
- It was just an idea.
- Bones...
No. I-I fell into the exact
thing that I warned you about.
Developing too many hypotheses
not grounded in fact.
No. Bones, I know exactly
which drab reaI-world thing
was used to murder Warren Granger.
He wants to feeI like a hero.
He's facing a damseI in distress.
- Lucy is ten years older.
- It's not the damseI part that matters.
It's the distress that appealed
to the kid. I mean, look.
It wasn't about sex or
romance. It never was.
He wanted to make a difference
in the world before he died.
I told you he was more like you than me.
22705. Dispatch.
22705.
Unit sent to suspect's residence
reports the domicile is empty.
- What about the wife?
- Negative. Search team is inside the house.
It's empty. Signs of flight.
Affirmative, Dispatch.
He beats her but she
takes off with him anyway?
SpousaI abuse syndrome.
- Dispatch, 22705.
- Dispatch.
Can you send a backup unit
to CapitaI BowI, 1123 Seabolt?
Domestic disturbances are always weird,
OK? The woman gets beat on by her husband,
the cavalry saves her. You'd think she'd
be on the same side as the rescuers, but...
You're saying watch out for the wife.
AII I'm saying is just stay alert.
- OK, Bones?
- OK.
- Ted, why are we doing this?
- Shut up!
- You didn't do anything.
- I swear, if you don't shut up...
- I know you wouldn't hurt Warren.
- Of course he would.
- He likes to beat up people weaker than him.
- We're closed.
You left your door unlocked. Probably
an oversight due to your state of panic.
Yeah. Lights were on. You
see, we suspected a robbery.
- Say, you have a beveI knife?
- A what?
- It's a triangular three-sided knife.
- To clean out bowling ball holes.
Say, I used to have one. You
wouldn't have one around here?
You need a warrant to
take any of my stuff.
Lucy, we need a beveI knife.
- We keep one in here.
- Shut up, Lucy!
Why don't you smack her around a little bit
there, Ted, huh? Keep your woman in line.
Yeah.
- This could've done it.
- Say, Bones.
That, uh, bone chip
- second victim or murderer?
Well, for Warren's sake,
I hope it was the murderer.
- Me, too.
- What are you talking about? Get out of here.
- It'd be his left arm.
- What?
Warren was right-handed, so the wound
would be on your husband's left arm.
- Oh, my God.
- Bones...
Right there.
I got him. I got him. I got
him. I got him. All right.
Aw, hell, Bones, it looks like you
opened up an old wound there. Let's go.
You're under arrest.
I hate a wife-beater.
Almost as much as I hate
someone who kills a dying kid.
Warren knew what Ted did to you.
- Did you tell him?
- I didn't have to. He saw one night.
Ted hit me, and Warren...
- Warren ran away.
- Why didn't you go to the police?
Because... it's not all the time.
It's just when things go bad and he's
under a lot of strain. Ted has a bad temper.
- Warren wanted to rescue you.
- Oh, my God.
He probably just wanted to intimidate
your husband. Stop him from attacking you.
Warren stabbed your husband
in the arm with the knife.
Ted took the knife away from him.
It wouldn't have been
hard. The boy was very ill.
After that, it's like you said.
Your husband has a bad temper.
Visiontext Subtitles: Margaret Burke
What's that mean?
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org